# 0x Ecosystem Developer Meetings
### Purpose
The 0x Ecosystem Developer meeting is a monthly call with the global teams who are building decentralized applications using the 0x protocol. The 0x Core Team shares the latest development updates from the project, discuss various [ZEIPs](https://github.com/0xProject/ZEIPs) to improve the protocol, and everyone supports each other was we collectively build the tokenized future.

### Who Can Attend
Anyone who is building on the 0x protocol is welcome to participate. Please note that this meeting is not for technical support. If you need help with using 0x, our official [Discord Chat](https://link.0x.org/Discord) is your best resource.

### Agenda Items
Meeting agendas are posted to https://github.com/0xProject/pm/issues. We welcome participants to provide feedback on, or ask questions about, any of the upcoming agenda items. If there is a topic that you would like us to discuss during the meeting, you are also welcome to suggest it in the comments.

### Meetings

 â„–  | Date                             | Notes          |
--- | -------------------------------- | -------------- |
 21 | UPCOMING: October 10, 2019 14:00 UTC | [agenda](https://github.com/0xProject/pm/issues/21) | 
 20 | September 3, 2019 22:00 UTC | [agenda](https://github.com/0xProject/pm/issues/20) \| [slides](https://link.0x.org/2019-09_DevMtg) \| [recording](https://youtu.be/h0BH0ovIbwo) |
 19 | August 7, 2019 14:00 UTC | [agenda](https://github.com/0xProject/pm/issues/19) \| [slides](https://link.0x.org/2019-08_DevMtg) \| [recording](https://youtu.be/isbzlNG-CGI) |
 18 | July 2, 2017 14:00 UTC | [agenda](https://github.com/0xProject/pm/issues/18) \| [slides](https://link.0x.org/2019-07-02_DevMtg) \| [recording](https://youtu.be/ZUEGhjhbb2Q) |
 17 | June 4, 2019 22:00 UTC | [agenda](https://github.com/0xProject/pm/issues/17) \| [slides](https://link.0x.org/2019-06-04_DevMtg) \| [recording](https://youtu.be/I-rfcpeSiXg) |
 16 | May 7, 2019 06:00 UTC | [agenda](https://github.com/0xProject/pm/issues/16) \| [recording](https://youtu.be/GpnzfZ9Ss70) |
 15 | April 9, 2019 14:00 UTC | [agenda](https://github.com/0xProject/pm/issues/15) \| [recording](https://youtu.be/ZpaJmis43fc) |
 14 | March 5, 2019 22:00 UTC | [agenda](https://github.com/0xProject/pm/issues/14) \| [recording](https://youtu.be/5wTvAdZNxRA) |
 13 | February 5, 2019 14:00 UTC | [agenda](https://github.com/0xProject/pm/issues/13) \| [recording](https://youtu.be/yYRigm-IiYA) |
 12 | January 7, 2019 14:00 UTC | [agenda](https://github.com/0xProject/pm/issues/12) \| [notes](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/blob/master/All%20Core%20Devs%20Meetings/Meeting%2069.md) | [recording](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yO0WdT-J64w) |
 11 | December 3, 2018 22:00 UTC | [agenda](https://github.com/0xProject/pm/issues/11) \| [notes](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/blob/master/All%20Core%20Devs%20Meetings/Meeting%2068.md) | [recording](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08eaI8JjSbw) |
 10 | October 22, 2018 22:00 UTC | [agenda](https://github.com/0xProject/pm/issues/10) \| [slides](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/blob/master/All%20Core%20Devs%20Meetings/Meeting%2068.md) |
 09 | October 1, 2018 06:00 UTC | [agenda](https://github.com/0xProject/pm/issues/9) \| [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/149tVP7JUrMoyyKsgi_jneJm6XJ2hqcHDM4CYEoGN4wI/edit?usp=sharing) |
 08 | August 27, 2018 14:00 UTC | [agenda](https://github.com/0xProject/pm/issues/8) |
 07 | August 6, 2018 22:00 UTC | [agenda](https://github.com/0xProject/pm/issues/7) \| [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1avtR7DJF5ZX2Y1X5Z0FQjyWx8Bm0StgoCnjz_ak2LII/edit?usp=sharing) |
 06 | June 25, 2018 14:00 UTC | [agenda](https://github.com/0xProject/pm/issues/6) |
 05 | May 29, 2018 14:00 UTC | [agenda](https://github.com/0xProject/pm/issues/5) \| [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1cbe1KGRHe9uhz-Qa1ijvvvFxteCdNsyP8lzHiBjJ7z0/edit?usp=sharingd) | [audio](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1vR_vCD6lI6Z7JmPdP5tSkNWKP3N_O9Ur/view) |
 04 | April 23, 2018 22:00 UTC | [agenda](https://github.com/0xProject/pm/issues/4) \| [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/16lIPxv8xIwd_kN0IQuIJWyM-hVU6nvZHSzgfTq6OzBo/edit?usp=sharing) | [recording](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Am_sE56G6smT0piLlBEHc7sTs5EmPVdl) |
 03 | March 26, 2018 06:00 UTC | [agenda](https://github.com/0xProject/pm/issues/3) \| [recording](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1hxva9HiKxHSQv0BRYrsF50uejYOUAnF_) |
 02 | February 26, 2018 14:00 UTC | [agenda](https://github.com/0xProject/pm/issues/2) \| [recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1V-l0ouY9nnCHa1vF7Q7g3w_RiwNnu49C/view) |
 01 | January 29, 2018 22:00 UTC | [agenda](https://github.com/0xProject/pm/issues/1) \| [audio](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Y_q6ko_j-ntHZ_pZhK67VXgnlLLxlvLK/view) |
